feat: add Ory Network CORS documentation (#1449)
ory/docs: docs/guides/cors.mdx

[CORS at MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/CORS).

:::note

We do not allow setting the CORS origins to be `*`, `null` or `localhost/127.0.0.1`. You can, however, use a wildcard subdomain
such as `https://*.foobar.ory`. To be on the safe side, we recommend setting the CORS origins to be an exact match instead of a
wildcard subdomain. To use `localhost/127.0.0.1` for development we recommend using the
[Ory Cli Proxy](./cli/20_proxy-and-tunnel.mdx).

:::

## Supported Endpoints

Currently, only the OAuth2 endpoints support CORS. Others are supported through custom domains, but will follow soon. For OAuth2,
per-client CORS settings are supported. This means that you can set different CORS settings for different OAuth2 clients. You can
find the CORS settings in the OAuth2 client settings. CORS has to be enabled for the whole project though.

## Enable CORS

CORS can be enabled using the Ory CLI:

```shell
ory patch project <your-project-id> \
  --replace '/cors_public/enabled=true' \
  --replace '/cors_public/allowed_origins=["https://*.foobar.ory"]'
```

> You can find more information about the `ory patch` command in the [Ory CLI documentation](./cli/10_ory_cli.mdx).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find more information about the `ory patch` command in the [Ory CLI documentation](./cli/ory-patch).
```

What did you want to link here? there 10_ory_cli doesnt exist I think

## CORS on custom domains

> Custom domains can be configured to use specific CORS settings. Head over to the [Custom Domains](./custom-domains.mdx#cors)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure custom domains to use specific CORS settings. Head over to the [Custom Domains](./custom-domains.mdx#cors)
```

Avoid passive when possible
